>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Now that
we've defined the reducer,
let's hop into the state or
/index.ts file.
So this is where we take our
feature level reducers and
we combine them into a top level reducer.
So the first thing that
we need to do is we'll
just go import everything as fromProjects.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And then,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's update our
entire application state.
So,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So we'll go projects,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And from projects,
ProjectsState.
And so now we've almost just kind
of created a new table if you will.
Okay, here's some additional state or
the shape has changed.
And then obviously the reducers
is not super happy.
So then we'll go here and
we'll go projects
fromProjects,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: projectsReducers.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
what we're gonna do is add in the feature
reducer into,
basically a combined reducer.